The first thing I had to test for functionality is that when starting the program you would come across 5 options. 0 to exit, 1 to create an account, 2, to deposit from an account, 3 to withdraw from an account, and 4 to display info about an account. If the user entered something besides those 5 numbers then it would ask for them to enter a number within the range. For the first task of exiting the program, I just tested that when I put in the specific number 0 that it would finish the while loop and end the program. Then for the next task of creating an account,I made sure that when entering "1" it would go through the prompts of creating and storing a username. I made sure it stored that data by printing the data in a later area using (it->second) and (accounts.at). I also made sure that if a username had already been taken and that the username cannot be created again, so a user cannot create a username if someone already created it. Next I had to display an existing account balance. For this I had the user enter a username and if it was there it would bring you the balance of that account. If it didn't have that username, then I told the user that it didn't exist and put the back at the start. The next thing I did was I tested the withdraw and deposit functions. First, like the display balance function, I had the user enter their username and if it existed then it went ahead to the next prompt. If it didn’t then it went back to the main menu. If the account did exist, it then asked the user to enter to withdraw or deposit. I made sure that the user entered a positive number because if they entered a negative number then the balance would do the opposite of what we want it to do. Also within the withdraw function I made sure that the user had enough money to withdraw. If the user's balance was $100 and they wanted to withdraw $101, they shouldn’t be able to withdraw that amount because they don’t have that amount of money in their account.

We used a map data structure because it has a unique key value and a unique value that can be changed. It also has a built-in find function that can find a key and their value paired with it.

One issue I faced was that I knew what I wanted inputted, so I didn’t think of the user putting in values other than what was expected. As I went along I would randomly think of something that probably shouldn’t happen and had to add to my code, so that the code was supposed to be used as intended.
