Command Used to Compile: g++ main.cpp IntVector.cpp

The first time I tested my code was after I created my getters. The reason I did this was because after creating my getters I would be able to actually check if my size and capacity were correct. Then once I added the append function, I tested to see if the values I appended were staying within the capacity and keeping up with updating the size. Next after putting the get_value function in, I tested to see if my values were actually in the array or if the size was just going up. Once I confirmed that the integers were actually in the array, I moved on to Expanding the vector. To test if the vector was expanding, I set the vector's capacity and put the max number of integers to start. Then using the getSize and getCapacity functions I verified that it was the original capacity and size. Then I appended one more integer and used the getSize and getCapacity functions again. If both the size was greater than the original capacity and the capacity had doubled, then I knew it worked. I also made sure to use the get_value function to make sure that the integer that put the vector over capacity actually was appended into the vector. The last thing I did before moving on to user inputs was making sure that the constructors worked. Since I knew the first two worked I made sure to check that the third one worked. I did this by making an array and using that array to construct the intVector. I tested the vector by doing everything I had previously. Lastly I tested that the user could add integers in and it would stop by the user entering something other than an integer. The last thing I did was make sure that I added all integers within the array and the sum was correct.

One challenge I faced was that I forgot how to construct a default constructor. I think I spent way too long trying to figure out how I was supposed to create it. I also had a little trouble with the strtol function, but other than that it was smooth sailing.

It would be bad to create a getter for the values array because you would be directly accessing the array outside of the class when we want to keep it within the class and not let the user directly change anything about it. This is also why we don’t have any setters for size or capacity. By directly setting the size or capacity of the vector you risk the possibility of someone setting the size or capacity to something other than the number of integers in the array. This breaks the dynamically allocated memory for the vector also. You also shouldn’t be able to set the size because if the array has more integers than what size is equal to, then you can’t access your data outside of the size.
